
I have an urgent requirement with one of my clients, details given below. If you find your self suitable for the position, please send me your latest updated resume along with contact details. Please include your employer details as well.

Job Title	Senior PHP Developer Permanent/Full time role
Project Location	Memphis, TN
Duration	6 months /Contract
 
Skills Required and Job Description:

Interview mode phone then skype
Permanent/Full time role 
Onsite Role 
Senior PHP Developer

Lokion is seeking an experienced PHP eCommerce Lead Developer to lead development teams in implementing OroCommerce solutions. This role is ideal for someone who enjoys balancing hands-on technical leadership with client-facing collaboration and team management.

Key Responsibilities

Lead the development team through successful OroCommerce implementations.
Assign tasks, support developers, and conduct code reviews.
Serve as the technical point of contact for the client.
Partner closely with the Project Edwardager to communicate status, resolve blockers, and ensure on-time delivery within budgeted hours.
Collaborate on scoping and estimating new projects.
Plan and oversee post-launch enhancements and upgrades.
Required Skills & Experience

At least 1 year of experience leading successful development teams.
Strong communication skills and ability to work cross-functionally with project managers and clients.
Languages

PHP, minimum of 3 years
JavaScript, HTML, CSS, etc.
SQL
Frameworks/Libraries:

Symfony
Composer/flex
Bootstrap
jQuery
SAML 2.0
eCommerce Platforms:

Minimum of 1 year working on OroCommerce and/or Adobe Commerce / Magento
Tools:

Git, GitHub
Docker
Slack
Environments:

Linux
Windows
Familiarity:

DevOps
Note: Please note this position is through a Preferred Vendor

Regards,
Tarun Goyal
Sr Technical Resource Specialist
RAMY Infotech Inc.
consulting redefined
5201 Great America Parkway Suite 320, Santa Clara CA 95054
Contact# : 408-317-0856 x 144
Direct : 408-351-5403
Fax : 408-273-6834
